Review of 'Drive business success'. (#8111)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/progressive-web-apps/drive-business-success/index.md

authors:
  - sfourault
date: 2020-05-20

> updated: 2022-08-09

Reviewer: @jpmedley Why are you using the future date?

[promote the installation](/promote-install/) within your user experience on
desktop and mobile, including iOS.

<figure>
  {% Img src="image/admin/5sH5YX7kFrwv4f6duqVf.jpg", alt="PWAs are installable everywhere.", width="800", height="227" %}
  <figcaption>
    PWAs are installable everywhere.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

Once you've begun promoting the installation of your PWA, you should
measure how many users are installing your PWA, and how they use your PWA.

To maximize the number of users installing your site, you may want to
[test different][pwabook-ch4] promotion messages ("install in one
second", or "add our shortcut to follow your order" for example), different
placements (header banner, in-feed), and try proposing it at different steps

> of the marketing funnel (on the second page visited, or after a booking).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
of the installation funnel (on the second page visited, or after a booking).
```

To segment users who installed your PWA, track the [`appinstalled`
event][appinstalled-event], and use JavaScript to [check if users are in
standalone mode][is-standalone], which indicates use of the installed PWA.
Then use these as variables or dimensions for your analytics tracking.

<figure>
  {% Img src="image/admin/H2U4jKTmATNzVJQ3WNCO.jpg", alt="Measure the value of installation.", width="800", height="253" %}
  <figcaption>
    Measure the value of installation.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

> The [case study of Weekendesk][twg-weekendest] is interesting; they prompt users
> to install on the second page visited to maximize the install rate, and they
> observed that customers coming back via the icon on the home screen were more
> than twice as likely to book a stay with them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [case study of Weekendesk][twg-weekendest] is interesting; to increase
the chance a user would install their PWA, they promote installation on the
second page visited. Users who launched the PWA from their home screen
were more than twice as likely to book a stay through their PWA!
```

<figure>
  {% Img src="image/admin/eR23C2o1adHq5tATNw34.jpg", alt="Installed users had a 2.5 times higher conversion rate.", width="800", height="201" %}
  <figcaption>
    Installed users had a 2.5 times higher conversion rate.
  </figcaption>
</figure>

> Installation is a great way to make people return to your site and improve

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Installation is a great way to encourage people return to your site and improve
```

your customer loyalty. You can also think of personalizing the experience for
premium users.

> If you have a platform-specific app that users decline a prompt to install, you
> can push the PWA later. Users that are "semi-engaged" may not meet the threshold
> for an app store-based install. This cohort can be addressed with PWA
> installability, which is often perceived as lighter, and with less friction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even if you have a platform-specific app, users may feel they don't want to, or
don't need to install it. These semi-engaged users may feel a PWA is right for
them as it is often perceived as lighter, and can be installed with less friction.
```
